# Week 1 Blog
So it’s been a few hours since I started actually trying to accomplish things for this class (as opposed to just staring at everything). I have the attention span of a gerbil so this is definitely taking me longer than the average functioning human being. There’s definitely a lot going on, a lot to set up and configure. I think at this point I’ve done everything but I’m not entirely sure.  

I’m making the assumption that the blog here is for our whole process, and that the fail log is just for things that didn’t work out. I saw Professor Graham’s annotation about the fail log and the blog overlapping a lot, which really helps my understanding of everything. 

1. Follow the instructions below to set up your digital history workspace.

I’m really bad at following instructions so I’m already off to a bad start. I got into Slack, I made a Github and DH Box account, and I even managed to figure out the VPN (which almost had me, let me tell you). 

2. Annotate the course manual for any parts of it that are unclear (or alternatively, that have you excited).
	
I’m not sure about whether or not the three annotations we discuss in our fail log can be from anything we do over the week, or if they have to relate to just the course material for the week (and not including the readings). I think it would make sense for it to be everything but I’m not sure? I found three things in the course material to comment on so that solves that problem for this week.

3. Respond to the readings and the reading questions by annotating the readings themselves - see the instructions below.
	
I gave everything a read through and I think I managed to leave an annotation on everything. I almost forgot to respond to someone else’s annotation, so I’m glad I gave the coursebook another read through. 

4. Submit your work to the course submission form.

  I'm gonna do my best ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯


Otherwise, I really liked the readings on diversity in digital history. For so long, academia was reserved only for certain people, and it’s taken hard work to open it up and make it diverse. There’s still some more work that needs to be done, and it’s nice to see that the Digital History community is doing its part to ensure that there are no barriers when it comes to the field.
I'm hoping putting my blog thingie here will make it easier for everyone all around but we shall see. 
